this lecture is about the sin
mathematical relation discovery and
conditional entropy in this lecture
we're going to continue the discussion
of Water Association mining and analysis
we're going to talk about the
conditional entropy which is useful for
discovering Signac medical relations
earlier we talked about the using
entropy to capture how easy it is to
predict the presence or absence of a
world now we address the different the
scenario where we assume that we know
something about the texture segment so
now the question is suppose we know it's
occurred in the segment how would that
help us predict the presence or absence
of a word and I can meet and in
particular we want to know whether the
presence of each has helped us predict
the presence of meat and if we frame
this using entropy then with me we are
interested in knowing whether knowing
the presence of each could reduce
uncertainty about the meat or reduce the
entropy of the random variable
corresponding to the presence or absence
of meat we can also ask the question
what if we know of the absence of eat
would that also help us predict the
presence or absence of meat so these
questions can be addressed by using
another concept called conditional
entropy so to explain this concept let's
first look at the scenario we had before
where we know nothing about the segment
so we have these probabilities
indicating whether award might beat
occurs or doesn't occur in the segment
and we have an entropy function that
looks like what you see on the slide as
suppose we know each is present so now
we know the value of another random
variable that denotes eat now that would
change all these probabilities to
conditional probabilities where we
look at the presence or absence of meat
given that we know it's occurred in the
context so as a result if we replace
these probabilities with their
corresponding conditional probabilities
in the entropy function
we'll get the conditional entropy so
this equation now here shown here would
be the conditional entropy conditioner
on the presence of each right so you can
see this is essentially the same entropy
function as you have seen before except
that that we all if all the
probabilities now have a condition and
this then tells us the entropy of meat
after we have known each occurring in
the segment and of course we can also
define this conditional entropy for the
scenario where we don't see it so if we
know it did not occur in the segment
then this end conditional entropy would
capture the uncertainty of meat in that
content in that condition
so now putting different scenarios
together we have the complete definition
of conditional entropy as follows
basically we're going to consider both
scenarios of the value of each 0 or 1
and this gives us the probability that
each is equal to 0 or 1
basically whether each is present or
absent and this of course is the entropy
conditional entropy of meat in that
particular scenario so if you expand
this entropy then you have the following
the question where you see the
involvement of those condition about the
mayonnaise
now in general for any discrete random
variables x and y we have the
conditional entropy is no larger than
the entropy of the variable X so
basically this is a upper bound for the
conditional entropy that means by
knowing more information about the
segment we want to be able to increase
the uncertainty we count in reduced and
certainty and that intuitively makes
sense because as we know more
information it should always help us
make the prediction and you cannot hurt
the prediction in a case now what's
interesting here is also to think about
what's the minimum possible value of
this conditional entropy now we know
that that the maximum value is the
entropy of X but what about the minimum
so what do you think I hope you can
reach the conclusion that the the
minimum possible value would be zero and
it will be interesting to think about
and the word situation will achieve this
so let's see how we can use conditional
tomato capitals in a grammatical
relations now of course this conditional
entropy gives us directly one way to
measure the association of two words
because it tells us to what extent we
can predict the one word given that we
know the presence or absence of another
world now before we look at the
intuition of conditional entropy in
capturing cinematical relations it's
useful to think of a very special case
listed here that is the conditional
entropy of the word given itself so I
here we listed this and condition might
be in the middle right so it's here
so what is the value of this now this
means we know whether meat occurs in the
sentence and we hope to predict whether
the meat occurs in the sentence now of
course this is zero because there's no
uncertainty anymore
once we know whether the word occurs in
the segment we'll already know the
answer of the prediction so this is zero
and that's also when this conditional
entropy reaches the minimum so now let's
look at the some other cases so this is
the case of knowing the and trying to
predict the meat and this is the case of
knowing each trying to predict the meat
which one do you think that is smaller
note that a smaller entropy means easier
for prediction which one do you think is
higher which lines is smaller well if
you look at the uncertainty then in the
first case the doesn't really tell us
much about the meat so knowing the
occurrence of the doesn't and really
help us reduce the entropy in that match
so it stays as fairly close to the
original entropy of meat whereas in the
case of eat eat is related to meat
so knowing presence of meat or absence
of meats would help us predict whether
meat occurs so it can help us reduce the
entropy of meat so we should expect that
a signal tone they made this one to have
a smaller entry and that means there is
a stronger association between meat and
eat so will we now also know when this w
is the same as this meat then the
entropy conditional entropy would reach
its minimum which is zero and for what
kind of words would be the rich it's
matter
well that's when this w is not really
related to meat and like a for example
and it would be very close to the
maximum which is the entropy of meat
itself so this suggests that we can use
conditional entropy for mining cinematic
relations the algorithm would look as
follows for each word w1 we're going to
enumerate over all other words w2 and
then we can compute the conditional
entropy of w1 given W and we thought all
the candidate was in ascending order of
the conditional entropy because we will
run the favor a world that has a small
entropy meaning that it helps us predict
the target water w1 and then we can take
the top ranked the candidate words as
words that have potential scenic medical
relations we stopped it one note that we
need to use the thrush code to to find
these words the stretcher can be at the
number of top candidates to take or
absolute value for the conditional
entropy now this would allow us to mine
the most strongly correlated world with
the particular w1 here but it this
algorithm does not help us mind the
strongest case in a grammatical
relations from entire collection because
in order to do that we have to ensure
that these conditional entropies are
comparable across different world in
this case of discoveries in a
grammatical relations for a targeted
world like W one we only need to compare
the conditional entropies for W 1 given
different words and in this case they
are comparable right so the conditional
entropy of W 1 given W and conditional
entropy of W 1 given that we three are
comfortable they all match you how how
hard it is to predict every one but
if we think about the two pairs where we
share w-2 in the same condition and we
try to predict the WR and w3 then the
end conditional entropies are actually
not comparable what you can think about
this question why so why why are they
not comparable well that was because
they have a different upper bounds right
so those upper bounds are precisely the
entropy of w1 and the entity of w3 and
they have different upper bounds so we
cannot really compare them in this way
so how do we address this problem well
later we'll discuss we can use mutual
information to solve this problem
you